hey guys mr. crayfish and welcome back
so this is going to be a little update
video on a couple of topics I have right
down on this cardboard as you can see
here and I couldn't find any paper this
was on the floor and just like i'll use
this is to write down what I need to
talk about because I'm a creation I can
do that yeah but yeah the first topic on
the list is Christmas so I want to talk
about what I did for Christmas and what
I got so I celebrate christmas on
christmas eve and christmas day this is
because my parents are actually split
and coincidentally my dad is german and
actually they actually celebrate
christmas on christmas eve so but yeah
on Christmas Eve I went with my dad and
we met up with all his side of the
family and we had a nice Christmas
dinner the food was great we also do a
secret santa as well and I got some
speaker things which really cool but I
probably not even going to use them that
much I might even give them to my death
because I don't need and I don't really
need them already got a computer with
some mad speakers and iphone kind of I
can listen to music on there and I'll
say some other stuff um vieilles reading
last day and then on Christmas Day I
actually spent it with my mom and this
is where can he gets impressive I got a
lot of stuff from my mom it was really
crazy um I got a sub woofer I got two
t-shirts and I'm wearing one right now
i'll show you real quickly keep calm and
play minecraft it's pretty cool t-shirt
she found it I'm not wet I'm not sure
where she found it but it's pretty
awesome another present that I got um
was a sub woofer and this actually goes
into my car and now it just sounds so
amazing my car when I like drive like
this sighing I always wanted and yeah it
just sounds really cool little political
addition for my car I got some
chocolates as well and that was
practically it wasn't too much the
subwoofer kind of took up a lot of the
presents
I don't know care um I'm not really i'm
already too fussed about gifts i like to
actually spend it with my family but it
is still kind of a good feeling getting
a gift for christmas or something like
that the next thing that I want to talk
about is that I actually got my
provisional license and if you don't
know what that is that's where and it's
kind of the next stage to your learner's
are here in Australia you get your
provisional license and allows you to
drive alone so I can drive anywhere I
want to which is kind of awesome that
may be a reason why I haven't really
been posting too many videos recently
because I've been out everywhere driving
and it's just fun all right so this next
topic is something that I've wanted to
do in a while and that is to actually
create create some merchandise so I've
actually ordered I actually bought some
custom stickers and I've got them right
here so I'll show you so yeah they're
the Cray logo you probably can't see it
because I got manual focus on um but
this is the Cray logo and I got 72
stickers and I'm going to be selling
them so i'll put a link in the
description where you can pre-order them
i'm not going to be doing the stuff here
i'm going to start sending them out in a
new year but you can pre-order them now
and you're going to be getting a set of
3 so 1 2 3 and price of them are going
to be five dollars and I can ship them
to anywhere in the world it doesn't
matter where you are I can ship them to
anywhere in the world so yeah it's free
shipping as well which is really good so
they're going to be five dollars I'm
also going to be including a message in
there personally right by me with my
handwriting my shocking handwriting and
just a little message saying hey thanks
for buying this thanks for supporting me
thanks for watching my videos and such
so if you want to get one of these you
get three of them link will be in the
description and five dollars free
shipping and I can
them to anywhere in the world so yeah
that practically wraps up there I do
want to like get some t-shirts but I'm
not really sure where to buy them from
and I have good quality they I because
I've never really bought any custom
t-shirts online if you guys do know
where I can do that let me know in the
comments the next topic I have on the
list is the charity livestream so if you
guys don't know me and the minefields
crew have been doing a charity
livestream and so far we have raised
over two hundred dollars which is crazy
hey it's not a crazy amount but I'm
still quite impressed of how much we
have already raised in about a week and
a half which is pretty crazy it's going
to be ending on the December 31st I
think so make sure you just watch our
channel for videos letting you know when
the charity livestream is going live and
I'm not looking at the camera I keep
looking at the side screen and I've been
doing that like the whole entire video
so hopefully it doesn't look like I have
been looking away for the entire video
and then the last topic I have on the
list is um talking about what series on
my channel so GTA 5 and mod fields now
they are coming back I just have really
haven't had time and i'm going to start
GTA 5 back up in the new years so expect
that coming back then i also have a new
BMX montage that I'm working on I
actually had a like a lot of the footage
like a while ago but I just haven't been
doing anything on it for like a couple
of months so I want to get that out for
you guys mud fields are still gonna find
time I actually did record an episode
but I I just didn't like it I didn't
like it if i don't like it i won't
upload it so yeah there's going to be an
episode that coming out soon when i
actually get the time and I actually
like the recording so yeah that
practically wraps up this video today
it's like it's just a quick video I
wanted to do for you guys today just to
let you guys know what
is going on just a reminder you can buy
these the link is in the description
they're only five dollars with free
shipping and i'll be posting them out
are starting to package them and post
him out in the new years so don't expect
him soon you can pre-order but they
won't be sound sent out straight away
and there is it hope you enjoyed this
video and i will see you guys later for
another video which I don't even know
what it will be alright bye guys